Abstract: epigraph on King Gwanggaeto the Great 

The purpose of this study is to uncover the real contents of 『광개토왕비문』, ‘
辛卯年條’, and also to find out the true nature of ‘任那日本府說'.  I have 
confirmed the fact of the phrase '辛 卯 年 來' for the  study. ‘신묘년래’ is not 
only the keyword of ‘신묘년조’, but also violation of 편년 체제, and ‘임나일본부
설’ came out from this word.

By Considering that 신묘년래 is the violation of 편년체제, 신묘년래  has been 
examined whether it is right or not. Two propositions have been adopted for the 
examination. They contain the content of 『광개토왕비문』 and the adequate 
sufficient and necessary condition. The first proposition is that 『광개토왕비문
』 is 편년 체제. The 2nd is that the subject of 『광개토왕비문』 is 고구려.

The contradiction has been detected by comparing the concept of ‘신묘년래’ in 
two propositions, and the decryption of ‘신묘년래’ proved to be a misreading. 
The meaning of ‘신묘년래’ is 'since 신묘년. Thus, it is a adverb phrase devoid 
of necessary connecting word when conectected to next sentence. Therefore, It 
contradicts the first proposition. Next, 신묘년래 is the independent sentence 
representing invasion in 신묘년, which is violation of 편년 체제, and lead to 
contradiction to 2nd proposition. Therefore 신묘년조 can not be established due 
to the wrong decryption of ‘신묘년래’. If there is no ‘신묘년조’, neither can ‘
임나일본부설’ proposed by pro-japanese scholars be established.

Now then, what is the correct understanding of ‘신묘년래’? The analogical 
inference from the missing outline or contents of it's scheme shows that ‘乘艆年
來’ is certain, which implies "they came with big boats and  invaded us all the 
year". The letter read as '신' in Fig 1 " was apparently crafted from the letter 
'승'. The letter '묘' is a wrong interpretation from '승' which lost its part, 
to look similar to '묘'. Thus '묘' is now recognized as a fabricated one. Due to 
this fabrication, the whole phrase '신묘년조' was also fabricated. From the 
similarity of the shape of letter, The better understanding is ‘을미년조’ rather 
than ‘신묘년조’.

THe incident of ‘신묘년조’ was occured by 고구려, and the subject of the 
sentence should be 고구려 too. The opinion, that the subject of phrase ‘이위신민
’ become 고구려, could be justified from the aspect of approproateness, and 
context of sentence. The first point is the adversative function of conjunction 
‘而‘. The next point is the connecting role of the letter '以‘, which has the 
meaning of 'again' as a adverb. And the 3 missing letters to be filled for 
vacancy are supposed to be ‘東伐新’ from the rational judgement. Specially the 
frottage man Cho Gyunduk left the one frottage in which the first letter was 
revealed to be ‘東’, and it is reasonable to read it as '동벌'

This is the summary of korean abstract. momumental inscription, ‘신묘년래’ of ‘
신묘년조’(meaning: since '신묘년' or having been invaded in '신묘년') was 
originally ‘승랑년래(came with big boats and  invaded us all the year)’. But 
this was happened by missreading. if ‘신묘년래’ was wrong interpretaion, ‘신묘년
조’ lose its base, or if we take ‘을미년조’, it can't be chronologically true. 
Therefore this theory is nothing but a fiction. Then we could say that ‘임나일본
부설’ proposed by pro-japanese scholars does't have any plausible base.

