ABSTRACT

The Sinmyoneonjo on Gwanggaetowangbimun is a fiction
-Sinmyoneonrae misreading of Seungrangneonrae-

  The purpose of this studym is to uncover the real contents of Sinmyoneonjo(The 
  events of the year Sinmyo, 辛卯年條) on Gwanggaetowangbimun(The monumemt of 
  King Gwanggaeto, 『광개토왕비문』), and also to find out the true nature of 
  Imnailbonbuseol(The hypothsis of Imna Japanese base, 任那日本府說).  I have 
  confirmed the fact of the phrase Sinmyoneonrae(since the year Sinmyo or having 
  been invaded in the year Sinmyo, 辛卯年來) for the  study. Sinmyoneonrae is 
  not only the keyword of Sinmyoneonjo, but also violation in Pyeonneonche(The 
  chronological order, 편년체), and Imnailbonbuseol came out from this word.

  By Considering that Sinmyoneonrae is the violation of Pyeonneonche, 
  Sinmyoneonrae has been examined whether it is right or not. Two propositions 
  have been adopted for the examination. The first proposition is that 
  Gwanggaetowangbimun is Pyeonneonche. The 2nd is that the subject of 
  Gwanggaetowangbimun is Goguryeo. They deal with the real contents of 
  Gwanggaetowangbimun and are the adequate necessary and sufficient conditions 
  for the analysis.

  The contradiction has been detected by comparing the concept of  Sinmyoneonrae 
  in two propositions, and the description of Sinmyoneonrae proved to be a 
  misreading. The meaning of Sinmyoneonrae is since the year Sinmyo(신묘년). 
  Thus, it is a adverb phrase devoid of necessary connecting word when connected 
  to next sentence. Therefore, It contradicts the first proposition. Next, 
  Sinmyoneonrae is the independent sentence representing invasion in the year 
  Sinmyo, which is violation of Pyeonneonche, and lead to contradiction to 2nd 
  proposition. Therefore Sinmyoneonjo can not be established due to the wrong 
  description of Sinmyoneonrae. If there is no Sinmyoneonjo neither can 
  Imnailbonbuseol proposed by pro-japanese scholars be established.

  Now then, what is the correct understanding of Sinmyoneonrae? The analogical 
  inference from the missing outline or contents of it's scheme shows that 
  Seungrangneonrae(乘艆年來) is certain, which implies "they came with big ships 
  and  invaded us all the year". The letter read as Sin(辛) in Fig. 1 was 
  apparently misunderstood from the letter Seung(乘). The letter Myo(卯) is a 
  wrong interpreattion from Seung(乘) which lost its part, to look similar to 
  Myo(卯). Thus Myo(卯) is now recognized as a fabricated one. Due to this 
  fabrication, the whole phrase Sinmyoneonjo was also fabricated. From the 
  similarity of the shape of letter, the better understanding is 
  Eulminyeonjo(The events of the year Eulmi, ‘을미년조’) rather than 
  Sinmyoneonjo.

  The incident of Sinmyoneonjo was occurred by Goguryeo, and the subject of the 
  sentence should be Goguryeo too. The opinion, that the subject of phrase 
  Iwisinmin(became subjects, 以爲臣民) could be justified from the aspect of 
  appropriateness, and context of sentence. The first point is the adversative 
  function of conjunction Yi(而). The next point is the connecting role of the 
  letter Yi(以), which has the meaning of 'again' as a adverb. And the 3 missing 
  letters to be filled for vacancy are supposed to be Dongbeolsin(東伐新) from 
  the rational judgement. Specially Cho Gyunduk, who copied from the monument, 
  left the letters in which the first letter was revealed to be Dong(東), and it 
  is reasonable to read it as Dongbeol(東伐).    

  This is the summary of logics described above. The momumental inscription, 
  Sinmyoneonrae of Sinmyoneonjo(meaning: since the year Sinmyo or having been 
  invaded in the year Sinmyo) was originally Seungrangneonrae(came with big 
  ships and invaded us all the year). But this interpretation happened by 
  misreading. if Sinmyoneonrae was wrong interpretation, Sinmyoneonjo lose its 
  base, or if we take Eulminyeonjo, it can't be chronologically true. Therefore, 
  this hypothesis is nothing but a fiction. Then we could say that 
  Imnailbonbuseol proposed by pro-japanese scholars does't have any plausible 
  base.

*Key words: Gwanggaetowangbimun(The monumemt of King Gwanggaeto, 『광개토왕비문
』), Sinmyoneonjo(The events of the year Sinmyo, 辛卯年條)Sinmyoneonrae(since 
the year Sinmyo or having been invaded in the year Sinmyo, 辛卯年來), 
Seungrangneonrae(came with big boats and  invaded us all the year, 乘艆年來), 
Imnailbonbuseol(The hypothsis of Imna Japanese base, 任那日本府說), 
Pyeonneonche(The chronological order, 편년체).